12/19/15
*********************************************
Contact Katy Waechter with questions:
kewaechter@gmail.com
*********************************************


Contents for completed project data transfer: 
hierarchical object-based classification for 
Lower Amazon floodplain (Waechter 2015)

A24LowerAmFP.gdb= file geodatabase containing 
vector and raster data used in processing, 
analysis, and classification.

Guide to A24LowerAmFP.gdb.docx= Table describing 
feature classes and rasters with corresponding
fields within project file geodatabase.

Discussion points for comparison to GLCF.docx= 
Numbered points on differences and uses for 
University of Marylands GLCF Landsat VCF tree 
cover data for 2005.Comparison data contained 
in project file geodatabase.

MapTemplate.mxd= ArcMap10.2.2 template used to 
create maps in project report. Modify as needed. 
Will need to repair data source when opening new.

20151029stacked= QuickBird imagery stacked and 
formatted for use in eCognition. Can be read by 
ENVI as well. B1= panchromatic, B2=B, B3=G, 
B4=R, B5=NIR. 60 cm pixel size

ls520051028ss= Landsat 5 TM subset for area of 
interest. Normal band assignments

VarzeaLibrary_v8_20130313.sli= spectral library 
used in spectral mixture analyses. Data and
results contained in project file geodatabase.

Waechter_ProjectReport_20150822.pdf and -.docx= 
Final draft of project report in pdf and 
Microsoft Word formats. 
